feat: template crd (#4302)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/cli/testkube_get_template.md

## testkube get template

Get template details

### Synopsis

> Get template, you can change output format, to get single details pass name as first arg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get template allows you to change the output format. To get single details, pass the template name as the first argument.
```
